If we go back to when you were in school, you said you had lots of friends,
so did you find it easy to make friends in school?
Yes. A lot of the friends that I've made, we went in the same class, so it made it easier.
We got on really well. My other best friend that I've got,
she is married and she's got a 10-year-old daughter who's very, very pretty.
I've noticed that a lot of my friends are in relationships or they're married,
which you can count on one hand how many friends I've got.
But I just feel like I'm the only one out, that I've got no friends, well,
not any friends here and I'm not in a relationship. I think I'm putting, again,
too much pressure on myself.